Add Plugins section to guides (#150)
still-ex/still: guides/introduction/plugins.md

# Plugins

- [still_snowpack](https://github.com/still-ex/still_snowpack) adds
  [Snowpack][snowpack] support to stiil, making it simple to use

>   packages frm the NPM ecosystem in your site.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
  packages from the Javascript ecosystem in your site.
```
